summer school this year
is called science as business will
aimed not so much at individual
startups and technology
entrepreneurs
how many for those who build the system
commercialization of innovation on themselves in
research institutes or
at university we talk about such
people who you build a system with
forms communities around it and will become
at the center of the educational process
transfer knowledge of the possibilities of the rules
and laws animated to the system in her
players on how to commercialize
What models of tools exists
it seems to us that the first step for such
people can be just launch
educational program in my
region regiment program on civilization
innovation it would help them
and attract find the right people to grow
they themselves and themselves make a big step
forward
because but best we learn when
teaches therefore the school program will
built around designing
educational project program for
child participants 9 teams will
form and program structure and
duration of knowledge transfer formats
intensity so on they are coming and
lectures and brainstorming
games of meeting interesting people
the results of course protect these
educational projects best
results of the protection programs will be used
and with us held in
season is not school
open university is unique
educational and promotional programs
for tomato
less often they are held twice a year and in winter
and summer
Summer School 2015 will be held June 28
till July 3 in the territory of innovation
center skolkovo intensive work with
participants to schools organized sutras
and almost until late in the evening
not only individual
but also tomato work participants cheekbones
each of you can become but only
he will pass arable land where every seasonal
Skolkovo Open University School
has its own unique theme unique
list of participants and unique composition
partners our partners are
federal government
Leading global and Russian global
corporations as well as expert
organizations trade unions
summer school 2015 we organize
with the federal agency
scientific organizations
its main task is to form a reserve
young cadres of young managers
who will develop the system
commercialization of innovations in the Russian
academic environment can be said that
this year's school is one of the first
steps to implement presidential orders
Russia on the creation of
order and staffing
in Russian science we invite to
participation at school
young scientists and specialists who
work in leading scientific following
institutions not only Russia but also
near abroad
Mentor no coaches at summer school
will become the head of the federal
agencies of scientific organizations and key
Skolkovo Foundation staff
leading experts from Russia from abroad
Russian and global representatives
of companies
selection for school pass on competitive
the basis of the task consists of five parts
fill in the form attach current
version of the summary to remove the video from the presentation
your project or scientific work
provide two publications which
presented suddenly conflicting images
the future to solve the problem of binding
Assignments are questionnaires and resumes
execution of the remaining candidates
leave at their discretion and perform
with the understanding that the amount and
the quality of the answers and even what tasks
were chosen to address will affect
selection results